README.md, before:

# Duet Web Control

Duet Web Control is a fully-responsive HTML5-based web interface for RepRapFirmware which utilizes the Bootstrap framework, JQuery and a few other libraries to allow easy control of Duet-based 3D printer electronics.

It is designed to communicate with RepRapFirmware using WebSockets and RESTful HTTP requests. One goal of the core application is to keep things compact, so a good loading speed can be achieved even on slow networks. Another one is to communicate to the firmware using only AJAX calls, which either return JSON objects, plain texts or binary blobs.

Duet Web Control is free software; it is licensed under the terms of the GNU Public License v3.

## Supported electronics

At this time the following platforms are officially supported:

* Duet 2 Maestro
* Duet 2 WiFi
* Duet 2 Ethernet
* Duet 3 MB 6HC
* Duet 3 Mini 5+ Ethernet
* Duet 3 Mini 5+ WiFi

## Build variants

There are two build variants available:

* DuetWebControl-SD for Duet Maestro, Duet 2 series, and Duet 3 series in standalone mode
* DuetWebControl-SBC for Duet 3 series in SBC mode

## Project setup

```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
npm run serve
```

In order to use the local development setup with software versions >= 3.2.0, it is possible to add `M586 C"*"` to your `config.g`.
However, this is a potential security issue because it permits cross-origin requests from ALL foreign sites.

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
npm run build
```

Commit message:

Version 3.4.5
Added note about building with recent Node versions
Fixed "Turn everything off" button (in particular for standalone mode)

README.md, after:

# Duet Web Control

Duet Web Control is a fully-responsive HTML5-based web interface for RepRapFirmware which utilizes the Bootstrap framework, JQuery and a few other libraries to allow easy control of Duet-based 3D printer electronics.

It is designed to communicate with RepRapFirmware using WebSockets and RESTful HTTP requests. One goal of the core application is to keep things compact, so a good loading speed can be achieved even on slow networks. Another one is to communicate to the firmware using only AJAX calls, which either return JSON objects, plain texts or binary blobs.

Duet Web Control is free software; it is licensed under the terms of the GNU Public License v3.

## Supported electronics

At this time the following platforms are officially supported:

* Duet 2 Maestro
* Duet 2 WiFi
* Duet 2 Ethernet
* Duet 3 MB 6HC
* Duet 3 Mini 5+ Ethernet
* Duet 3 Mini 5+ WiFi

## Build variants

There are two build variants available:

* DuetWebControl-SD for Duet Maestro, Duet 2 series, and Duet 3 series in standalone mode
* DuetWebControl-SBC for Duet 3 series in SBC mode

## Project setup

```
npm install
```

Note that you need to set the `NODE_OPTIONS` environment variable to `--openssl-legacy-provider` in order to build DWC 3.4 and older with a recent Node version.
On Windows, you can either define it globally or run

```
$env:NODE_OPTIONS="--openssl-legacy-provider"
```

in a PowerShell terminal. On Linux, you can run

```
export NODE_OPTIONS="--openssl-legacy-provider"

instead. DWC v3.5 will no longer require this work-around.

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
npm run serve
```

In order to use the local development setup with software versions >= 3.2.0, it is possible to add `M586 C"*"` to your `config.g`.
However, this is a potential security issue because it permits cross-origin requests from ALL foreign sites.

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
npm run build
```
